Hello. My name is Noah Gift,
and I'm the founder of Pragmatic AI Labs,
and I wrote the book Pragmatic AI.
It Introduction to Cloud-Based Machine Learning,
as well as the book, Python for DevOps by O'Reilly.
I lecture at Northwestern, UC Berkeley and UC Davis.
Today, I'm going to discuss containerization of an existing application.
We're going to cover a Flask app that has pandas embedded
and plugins that give us additional functionality.
We're going to take this data engineering app and modify it,
so it's a containerized application.
Let's get started.
Okay. Now that we are able to go through and get this downloaded application,
let me go through and show you a little bit of the setup here.
So, there's a Docker file in the main directory,
there's a makefile,
some of the things we've seen previously,
there's a CircleCI configuration,
there's also requirements file.
So these are really the basics of most Flask apps
that have, let's say, data engineering bent to them.
So I'm going to go next here and look inside of this Flask app.
Just show you some of the source code so you can see what it looks like.
So to start with, you can see that I've been able to import Flask.
I have a few imports here.
I also have a swagger implementation that we'll show later
that gives API documentation, import some libraries.
These two custom libraries that I've created in a lib
actually have some utilities that are plugins that are dynamically loaded.
So to start with,
there's a helper function that decodes Base64 packages.
Then this is the beginning of the application.
There's a very simple route here,
and you can see how straight forward Flask is.
You put a decorator on top,
you define a function,
and then you return back some bit of information.
Now, if we scroll down to a more interesting application here
or a more interesting route,
you can see I have app.route/API/funcs,
and I define a GET method.
So what this does is it utilizes this Flask override here
that embeds the swagger documentation inside
by using this very specific docstring format.
Then what this "return jsonify" does is
it shows us all of the plugins that are loaded locally.
Finally, this is the heart of the application,
is it's a group_by operation.
What this does is it consumes essentially a CSV payload
and allows the CSV payload to do some kind of an aggregation operation.
So if I scroll down here.
This isn't that interesting to look at
but in a nutshell, it gives us really the logistics around loading this Flask app.
Then finally, you can see that once I've done my operation,
I return back a JSON file and then I return back a status.HTTP_200_OK.
So if you scroll on to the very very end here,
probably the most important step for containerizing it,
is that we can see it runs on port 5001.
So if I go back down here,
what I'm going to do next here is I'm going to open up that nlib directory,
and this is where the plugins are loaded.
Let's go ahead and look at that.
I look at this nlib directory.
What happens here is anytime a Python file lives inside this directory,
it gets loaded automatically as a Flask app.
So if I go through here and I look at utilities, for example,
you can see that I used something called importlib
and it's a plugin that actually embeds it inside a Flask.
So you can follow that convention if you wanted to
and load whatever aggregation functions you want it to inside a Flask.
Next, what we're going to do here
is look at how I can then containerize this and put it into a Docker file.
So let's go ahead and look at that Docker file.
What happens here is,
I first used this base image,
and this is again something we learned before,
but it's a base Python image that allows me to build out the skeleton for my Flask app.
Next, I create a working directory.
Inside of here, I have a /app directory that I'm going to use.
Then, this is probably the most important part,
is I copy that Flask source code directly inside of this app directory.
So the next section that I'm going to do
is I'm going to look at how to run this Flask app using our makefile.
So we covered this earlier.
A makefile is a great way to actually add a bunch of instructions inside for application.
So I'm going to go ahead and look at some of these instructions inside of here.
So I have a Juypter section,
I have a setup section,
I have an environment,
so this shows me basically what's happening in my Python project.
I have a lint. We've talked about that previously.
I have an ability to lint-circleci.
I have a test section.
I have an install section.
I have a validate command.
Then for this particular application,
and this is the important part,
is I have a start-api.
What this is going to do is
it's going to cd into that Flask Directory,
set the PYTHONPATH so I can load those plugins,
and then it's going to actually run this web app.
So let's go ahead and get that running.
So if I say, make start-api,
this will actually set the PYTHONPATH,
get this running locally,
and then allow me to actually run this on port 5001.
So from here, we actually have a running Flask app.
Now, let's go ahead and move on to the next section.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6